DBZ-7820 Adding documentation for Postgres custom data type converters (#5515)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/postgresql.adoc

This behaviour may be unexpected, but it is still safe. Only the schema definition is affected, while the real values present in the message will remain consistent with what was written to the source database.
====

[[custom-postgres-connector-converters]]
== Custom converters

If your database contains custom data types, such as composite types created with `CREATE TYPE` statements, Debezium will not replicate data from columns with those types by default.
To replicate those columns, the basic instructions for {link-prefix}:{link-custom-converters}#custom-converters[creating a custom converter] apply, with a few important caveats:

* You must set xref:postgresql-property-include-unknown-datatypes[`include.unknown.datatypes`] to `true`, otherwise values passed to the custom converter will always be `null`

> * The type of value passed to the converter will vary based on the logical decoding output plug-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The type of value that is passed to the converter depends on the logical decoding output plug-in that is configured for the replication slot.
```

> ** `decoderbufs` will get a byte array (`byte[]`) representation of the column data
> ** `pgoutput` will get a string representation of the column data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `decoderbufs` passes a byte array (`byte[]`) representation of the column data.
** `pgoutput` passes a string representation of the column data.
```
